| Date       | Phase | Members Present                      | Meeting Minutes                     | Meeting Notes                                                                                                                                                            |
| ---------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | -------------                                                                                                                                                            |
| 02/25/2025 | Req   | Riley, Michelle, John, Basim         | 3:00pm - 4:45pm                     | Today we mainly focused on getting group members familiar with git. Did a little work on the SRS                                                                         |
| 02/26/2025 | Req   | Riley, Basim                         | 4:30pm - 5:15pm                     | Today we worked revisions 1.3-1.4                                                                                                                                        |
| 02/27/2025 | Req   | Riley, Basim, John                   | 9:10pm - 9:35pm ; 9:50pm - 10:20pm  | Discussed more functional requirements                                                                                                                                   |
| 02/28/2025 | Req   | Riley, John                          | 9:40pm - 10:50pm                    | Started the use case document                                                                                                                                            |
| 03/03/2025 | Req   | Riley, John, Michelle, Basim         | 9:00pm - 10:17pm                    | Worked on the UML Document, and the Sequence Diagram                                                                                                                     |
| 03/04/2025 | Req   | Riley, John, Michelle, Basim         | 2:30pm - 4:30pm                     | Worked on the Slideshow (NEW), UML, Sequence Diagram, started on the gantt chart (NEW), use case diagrams, sequence diagrams (PlayerClient->Sever, DealerClient->Server) |
| 03/06/2025 | Req   | Riley, Martin, Basim, Michelle       | 9:08am - 10:17am                    | Worked on making sure everything is in tip top shape. Practiced presentation, brought over external resources to the SRS and referenced them.                            |
| 03/14/2025 | Des   | Riley, Martin                        | 12:45pm - 2:00pm                    | Started working on a design document and putting our top use cases in. For the time being it is located on google docs                                                   |
| 03/18/2025 | Des   | Riley, Martin, Michelle, Basim, John | 1:15pm - 2:30pm                     | Played a bit of blackjack with each other online to get inspiration                                                                                                      |
| 03/20/2025 | Des   | Martin, Michelle                     | 9:30am - 10:40am                    | Worked on network design, data storage method, game flow use cases                                                                                                       |
| 03/26/2025 | Des   | Martin, Basim, John                  | 9:00 am - 9:30 am                   | Assigned eachother work to complete by next meeting                                                                                                                      |
| 03/28/2025 | Des   | Martin, Riley                        | 3:15 pm - 4:30 pm                   | Worked on the UML class diagrams, discussed some interactions between the classes, no changes to design doc                                                              |
| 04/02/2025 | Des   | Martin, Riley, Michelle              | 9:30 am - 12:41 pm                  | Martin Goal: Get use case diagrams filled in a bit more. Cleaned up the UML, and filled in some critical gaps. Worked on a timeline and divying out work to each of us.  |
| 04/07/2025 | Des   | Martin, Riley, Basim, John           | 1:30 am - 2:10 pm                   | We worked on finalizing the UML a bit. Some open ends still existed. Added references to the UML diagrams in the design doc (will likely need to embed them fully). Started work on a google slide for thursday (Apr 9) |
| 04/07/2025 | Des   | Riley, John                          | 9:30 am - 10:33pm                   | Focused on fleshing out GUI UML Class Diagrams (LobbyWindow, GameWindow, BetWindow, DealerGameLeavePopup) |
| 04/08/2025 | Des   | Riley, Martin, Michelle, John, Basim | 9:00 am - 11:00am                   | Copied over the UML work to the design doc (classes, sequence, use case, and timeline). Worked on the slideshow for thursday as well |
| 04/09/2025 | Des   | Riley, Martin, Michelle, Basim       | 5:20 pm - 6:00pm                    | Discussed presentation tactics, assigned slides to group members, briefly talked about how we'd transition to implementation |
| 04/10/2025 | Des   | Riley, Martin, Michelle, John, Basim | 9:30 am - 10:30pm                   | Added final touches to the Design Doc (i.e. use case diagrams, sequence diagrams, etc) |
